chore: Add pull request template for consistent contributions (#104)
goorm-dev/vapor-ui: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

All sections in this template are optional.
Feel free to remove sections that are not relevant to your pull request.
-->

## 🔗Related Issues

<!-- Please add any related issue numbers or links. -->
<!-- e.g., Fixes #123 -->
<!-- e.g., Notion: Design System Meeting Notes -->

## 📝 Description of Changes

<!-- Please provide a brief summary of the changes in this PR. -->
<!-- e.g., Added new Avatar component -->
<!-- e.g., Updated Color tokens to support dark mode -->
<!-- e.g., Fixed styles for the disabled state in the Input component -->

## 📸 Screenshots

<!-- If there are any UI changes, please attach screenshots. -->
<!-- For modifications, include "Before" and "After" comparisons. -->
<!-- For new features, show the new functionality. -->

## ✅ Checklist

Before submitting the PR, please make sure you have checked all of the following items.

[ ] The PR title follows the Conventional Commits convention. (e.g., feat, fix, docs, style, refactor, test, chore)

[ ] I have added tests for my changes.

[ ] I have updated the Storybook or relevant documentation.

> [ ] I have added a changeset for this change (if applicable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ ] I have added a changeset for this change. (e.g., for any changes that affect users, such as component prop changes or new features)
```

Adding additional explanations to items will help contributors understand more clearly when to add changesets.

<!-- Please follow the Conventional Commits specification for the PR title. (e.g., feat(component): Add Button component)

All sections in this template are optional.
Feel free to remove sections that are not relevant to your pull request.
-->

## 🔗Related Issues

<!-- Please add any related issue numbers or links. -->

- (e.g., Fixes #123)

- (e.g., Notion: Design System Meeting Notes)

## 📝 Description of Changes

<!-- Please provide a brief summary of the changes in this PR. -->

- (e.g., Added new Avatar component)

- (e.g., Updated Color tokens to support dark mode)

- (e.g., Fixed styles for the disabled state in the Input component)

## 📸 Screenshots

<!-- If there are any UI changes, please attach "before" and "after" screenshots. -->

### Before

### After

## ✅ Checklist

Before submitting the PR, please make sure you have checked all of the following items.

[ ] The PR title follows the Conventional Commits convention. (e.g., feat, fix, docs, style, refactor, test, chore)

[ ] I have added tests for my changes.

> [ ] I have updated the Storybook or relevant documentation.

Reviewer: @MaxLee-dev 

It would be nice to keep the English PR template to reflect our policy, and add `changeset` to the checklist !
